Article. I.
Section. 1. The executive Power shall be vested in a President
of the United States of America. He shall hold his Office
during the Term of four Years, and, together with the Vice
President, chosen for the same Term, be elected, as follows:
Section. 2. The executive Power shall be vested in a President of USA.
Article. II.
Section. 1. The executive Power shall be vested in a President
of the United States of America.
Section. 2. The President shall be Commander in Chief of
12 CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the Militia of
the several States, when called into the actual Service of the
United States.
Section. 3. He shall from time to time give to the Congress
Information on the State of the Union, and recommend to their
CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES 13
Consideration such Measures as he shall judge necessary and
expedient.
Section. 4. The President, Vice President and all Civil Officers
of the United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment
for and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other
high Crimes and Misdemeanors.
Article. III.
Section. 1. The judicial Power of the United States, shall
be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as
the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish.
Section. 2. The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in
Law and Equity, arising under this Constitution, the Laws of
the United States, and Treaties made, or which shall be made,
under their Authority.
Section. 3. Treason against the United States, shall consist
only in levying War against them, or in adhering to their Enemies,
giving them Aid and Comfort.
Article. IV.
Section. 1. Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each
State to the public Acts, Records, and judicial Proceedings of
every other State. And the Congress may by general Laws prescribe
the Manner in which such Acts, Records and Proceedings
shall be proved, and the Effect thereof.
Section. 2. The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to
all Privileges and Immunities of Citizens in the several States.
